Week 2
    Group formed.

    Created a trello group.
    
    Started project proposal, with some empty headings etc.

Week 3
    After complications in attempting to setup project 2 we decided to switch to project 7.
    A new repo has been made and the project proposal has been started.

Week 4
    Finished and submitted project proposal for project 7.

    Assigned tasks to each member. 

    I am working on flask and helping with the backend if needed.
    Aiming to have a minimal working backend version by next week.

Week 5
    Worked on setting up an Azure cloud storage database and server.

    Over the week I got a cloud storage service working and running and am now
    in the process of connecting to it through various api's from a python
    backend. 

    By Friday's meeting I have got an SQL database setup and have been able to
    read and write to the databse manually from my computer. Now working on
    modifying the database programatically.

Week 6
    Got a functioning database api that can connect to the database when run from the
    azure cloud based virtual machine. Now we need to complete the database and work
    on functions for querying it.

    Saturday:
    Databse has almost been finished and querying the database is working well with the api.
    Now need to work on getting the front end and backend working properly.
    Classes for representing users, venues etc. have been completed and
    are working well. I managed to make a booking on a venue from the website,
    which stored the relevant information in the database.

Week 7: 
    Website has a functional edit profile page, but there is still no way to log in as an owner.
    Will try add this functionality this week.

    Wednesday:
    Now it is possible to login as an owner. This will help with
    determining owners of new postings.

    Friday:
    Merged the current backend into Ian's search branch, will get that working smoothly then
    hopefully merge back into backend and/or master. Might have to fix some outdated
    references to class methods etc. 

Week 8: 
    Finished updating the db tools module into separate modules for each table, and added new 
    tables for reviews and images. We have now been able to upload images through the website and
    have them stored by the server.

    Saturday:
    Reviews have been implemented, the front end usage of them still needs to be improved but
    the backend part and database usage is all working well. 

    Will start working on a program to fill the database with realistic sample data that we can
    use for testing.

Week 9:
    Tuesday:
    Test data has been created for venues and owners, with somewhat realistic random locations
    (apart from a couple of underwater venues). At the moment none have images but that should
    not be too difficult to complete later.

    Now going to be working on optimizing database interactions.

    Thursday:
    Have created some db functions that will be useful for quickly getting a list of venues
    near a certain location. This should help speed up the website.

Week 10:
    The frontend is being drastically updated with material design styling and is starting to look
    quite good. Search speed is generally much faster than earlier versions also thanks to limiting
    how broad the search can be. 

    We are in the last phase of adding functionality to the frontend and are primarily now working
    on finding bugs and making small improvements to the user experience.