Week 2

23/09/19

Formed Groups. We ended up choosing project 2: OnTask and we also chose our Scrum master. We cloned the git repository provided in the project to our own private repository. Ian is also getting into contact with the LIC for the intro session on the software.


28/09/19
Worked on downloading software to get Ontask working. Went into the Ontask website and looked into the tools tab to look for more information. Logged into the flip.ee.usyd.edu.au/ontask and read the pages about what is OnTask and so on to get an understanding of the problem at hand.

30/09/19
Met up during the lab today and we all had trouble getting the Ontask website to work. We then decided to change projects and do project 7: Accomodation web portal. We all thought this would be easier since we would be building the website ourselves rather than build upon existing code. We also discussed what would be included in the project proposal and who would do each part. Ian made a new Git repo for our project as well. I did a little bit of research on other websites similar to our project such as AirBnb, Trivago and VisitNSW to get an idea of what we could change to make it easier for customers (Less text description/paragraphs) to use and what is required for the website (posting places, searching for places etc). For this week we will be working on the project plan, we have allocated work for everyone and specified to get it done by friday night so we can re-read over it and fix anything before submitting. I was given the task to do the background/aim and some of the epic user stories (Booking and Advertisement).

3/10/19
Read through the sample project proposal for project 7 given in the lecture notes to base the background and aim on. Did some research on a few websites (Trivago, AirBnB, Expedia, VisitNSW) and tried to figure out features (whether it was adding some implementation or just quality of life) that some websites did not provide. I also worked on the booking epic story where users can book an accommdation. Trouble finding information on how accommodation booking has impacted tourism and travelling over the years and how the market has grown. But naturally, with the ease of booking it would have positive impacts on being able to travel easily by finding cheaper accomadation.

4/10/19
Worked on the Advertisement booking, which allows certain users to be able to advertise their property in the website so other people can rent it for a period of time. Tried to think of anything that hasn't been addressed in the epic stories. But I finished both the stories and the background aim. We will also go over the proposal and fix anything that has been forgotten or needed further explaination.

7/10/19
We made a group call on facebook to discuss the project proposal before it was due. I re-did some of my part (Aim and the epics) to better describe our aim and restructed the format of the epics to make it easier to understand. We also worked on the sprint schedule and did a rough work of the total schedule for the project. We also decided to add a part where we describe our skills for the project and prices on using google maps API and azure cloud on our project.

13/10/19
New gitHub was set up using the repository given. Our team made a minimum value product and took a look at the code. Added code to backend such as Accommodation class and making an instance when creating an ad. Also made an accommodation system class to store all accommodations. We can find each accommadation via a unique ID given when creating an accommodation. Successfully can post an ad (name of place and address) and can book it.